[du] add backoff for duckdb connections (#26408)
dagster-io/dagster: docs/dagster-university/pages/dagster-essentials/lesson-4/loading-data-into-a-database.md

   3. Next, a variable named `sql_query` is created. This variable contains a SQL query that creates a table named `trips`, which sources its data from the `data/raw/taxi_trips_2023-03.parquet` file. This is the file created by the `taxi_trips_file` asset.

>    4. A variable named `conn` is created, which defines the connection to the DuckDB database in the project. To do this, we first wrap everything with the Dagster utility function `backoff`. Using the backoff function ensures that multiple assets can use the DuckDB safely without locking resources. The backoff function takes in function we want to call, in this case the `.connect` method from the `duckdb` library, any errors to retry on (`RuntimeError` and `duckdb.IOException`), the max number of retires and finally the args to supply to the `.connect` DuckDB method. In this case we are passing in the `DUCKDB_DATABASE` environment variable to tell DuckDB where the database is located.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   4. A variable named `conn` is created, which defines the connection to the DuckDB database in the project. To do this, we first wrap everything with the Dagster utility function `backoff`. Using the backoff function ensures that multiple assets can use the DuckDB safely without locking resources. The backoff function takes in the function we want to call (in this case the `.connect` method from the `duckdb` library), any errors to retry on (`RuntimeError` and `duckdb.IOException`), the max number of retries, and finally, the arguments to supply to the `.connect` DuckDB method. In this case, we are passing in the `DUCKDB_DATABASE` environment variable to tell DuckDB where the database is located.
```
